Full job description
Consultant Penetration Testing

Job number: 801557
Primary position location: VIC- Melbourne CBD
Category: Cyber Security
Category: Information, Communication & Technology
Work type: Permanent Full time
Closing at: Jul 24 2025 - 23:55 AEST
Favourite
Bring your experience as a Consultant, Penetration Testing to this rewarding role
Drive simplification and velocity in delivery through your disciplined execution focus
You’ll join a high-performing team, backing talented individuals
Our people are customer obsessed. They prioritise the needs and satisfaction of the customer above all else. Our mindset fosters innovation and creates strong, lasting customer relationships as we strive to be the most customer centric company in Australia and New Zealand.



As the Consultant Penetration Testing, you will be part of the Cyber Security team that’s doubling down on customer obsession.

Each day, you’ll go above and beyond to:

Provide penetration testing services to a wide range of NAB group products and services, identifying security weaknesses and exposures that pose a risk to the enterprise.
Work with project stakeholders to identify assets and define test scopes by evaluating the breadth and depth on which testing should take place based on varying factors.
Execute penetration tests, either in a team or individually, to identify vulnerabilities and weaknesses that could impact bank systems; including testing of web applications, mobile applications, web APIs, Infrastructure, Cloud technologies, and hardware.
Triage vulnerabilities and justify risk in alignment with common vulnerability scoring systems, considering the environment and context.
Work with larger technical programs across the bank to understand and construct testing requirements;
Assist with other offensive security activities within the team and self-manage security testing projects from end-to-end.
We’re looking for the best and brightest to deliver the best for our customers. You’ll bring:

Passion for security and ethical hacking always looking for new tools and techniques to learn about – channelling this passion into penetration testing.
Proven experience working in a similar Penetration Tester role, ideally within a large complex organisation
Collaborative approach - enjoy working in a team of like-minded professionals, always looking to work with, learn from, and share knowledge to those around you.
Understanding of the importance of clearly communicating vulnerabilities and their potential impacts – utilising your written and verbal communication skills to excel at this.
Experience testing various technologies and platforms, including but not limited to; Web applications, web APIs, mobile applications (iOS, Android), network and server technologies, cloud services (AWS, Azure), and hardware;
Experience writing and conveying complex security findings through reports;
Undergraduate (minimum) in technical degree (Computer Science, Software Engineer, Cyber Security)
Standard Industry certifications such as OSCP, CREST (CRT, CCT) or equivalent.
A diverse and inclusive workplace works better for everyone

We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of equity and respect – where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their authentic selves. In partnership with our multiple Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) we continue to foster an inclusive environment, where all NAB colleagues’ unique backgrounds and identities are understood, respected and celebrated. We are committed to providing an environment where you can work your way.

For details on the recruitment process, and accessibility, please visit https://www.nab.com.au/about-us/careers/apply-for-job. To discuss adjustment requirements, please contact the NAB Careers team, via nab.careers@nab.com.au (please reference job number) or visit our Careers page through the link above for other contact options.

Join NAB

If you think this role is the right fit for you, we would love to hear from you. Please note candidate screening and interviews may be conducted prior to the closing date of the job advert. Unsolicited CVs from agencies will not be accepted.