ead strategic initiatives to enhance VGSO's cyber security governance
Join a supportive team environment
Hybrid work - enjoy the flexibility of office and remote work
Ongoing | Full-time
VPS 5.2 $124,888 - $136,747 plus superannuation per annum
About the VGSO

The Victorian Government Solicitor's Office (VGSO) serves the rule of law exclusively for the State.

The VGSO provides responsive legal services exclusively for the Victorian Government and public sector. Our place within government ensures we are at the centre of legal change, reform and problem-solving. We operate as a service-driven legal professional practice and strive for excellence in this competitive environment. In all aspects of our operations, we aim to role model and live by our values: Responsiveness, Integrity, Insight, Collaboration and Excellence.

About the role

As our Cyber Security Lead, you'll play a pivotal role in driving assurance activities across the organisation. You'll bring deep technical security expertise to ensure our systems, services, and products meet rigorous compliance and security standards.

In this high-impact role, you'll lead strategic initiatives to enhance our cyber security governance, risk management, and compliance capabilities. Your work will directly influence how we protect our digital assets and maintain trust with our stakeholders.

You will provide expert technical guidance to ensure that all systems, services, and products adhere to established security compliance standards and regulatory requirements.

This exciting new role is part of the Corporate Services branch which provides critical, strategic and operational support services to ensure the continual success of the VGSO.

Key responsibilities

Drive the implementation of a cyber security framework aligned with industry standards and VGSO's strategic goals.
Execute assurance activities in line with VGSO's cyber security strategy, frameworks, and operating model.
Identify, evaluate, and manage cyber security risks across digital assets, services, and third-party vendors.
Lead the design and delivery of cyber security solutions and related initiatives.
Report on cyber security performance, including key metrics, to senior leadership.
Develop and enforce cyber security controls, policies, and operational playbooks.
Coordinate and lead responses to cyber security incidents, including investigation and mitigation.
Skills and experience

We are seeking a skilled and forward-thinking senior cyber security professional who can bring expertise and innovation to our team. The successful applicant will have:

A relevant tertiary qualification/s, or IT Certification in a related discipline.
Proven experience in leading cyber security governance, initiatives and providing high-level advice to senior management.
Strong knowledge of cyber security principles, risk management, and regulatory compliance requirements.
Experience with key cyber security standards such as VPDSS and Essential 8.
Experience in managing and responding to cyber incidents.
Prior experience in a legal or professional services environment would be highly regarded.
Benefits

VGSO offers an inclusive, collegiate and collaborative work environment where you will be well-supported and mentored to develop your knowledge. You will also be given excellent career opportunities to progress and develop within the organisation.

VGSO embraces flexibility and recognises the importance of work-life balance. We offer a flexible hybrid work arrangement, allowing employees to spend half of their time working remotely and the other half in the office. This setup encourages collaboration and strengthens team connections, while supporting your ability to achieve a healthy work-life balance.

How to apply

If this sounds like the opportunity for you, apply now!

Click 'Apply Now' to start your application. Applications must include:

a cover letter (no longer than 2 pages)
resume
Please note it is not a requirement to respond to the Key Selection Criteria separately but applicants should outline their relevant skills/experience and suitability to the role in their cover letter.

To find out more about this role, please view the position description attached. Alternatively, you can contact Kate Miller, Talent Acquisition Business Partner, on 0408 353 909 or email careers@vgso.vic.gov.au.

Applications close at 11:59pm on Monday, 4 August 2025.

Preferred candidates will be subject to pre-employment checks including but not limited to, reference checks, pre-employment misconduct screening and criminal record checks.