Senior Consultant | IT Filed Technician
Date:  21 Jul 2025
Location:  Melbourne, VIC, AU
Department:  Technology & Transformation
Description: 
Job Requisition ID: 38765 

Our Digital Workplace team within Deloitte’s Engineering, AI & Data practice is dedicated to assembling a world-class team that excels in continuous self-improvement and engineering impactful solutions. We are currently expanding our capabilities and seek to incorporate skilled technologists into our Digital Workplace Team.

 

We offer:

Flexible work arrangements - work in a way that suits you best. Learn more at Deloitte Flex
Rewards platform - your hard work won't go unnoticed at Deloitte. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Training and development - at Deloitte we believe in investing in our best assets, the people. You will have access to world class training and funding for industry and other professional certifications. You’ll also work with wide range of clients, technologies, and methodologies, which will accelerate your learning. 
Support and coaching to progress your career. You will have access to mentors and coaches who will help you pave a path for career progression. 
A culture where we listen to each other and pride ourselves in delivering the best possible outcomes. Most importantly, we love to have fun.
 

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive. Inclusion at Deloitte

 

What will your typical day look like?

 

You will be joining an experienced, widely recognised and expanding team that’s collaborative and supportive of your personal and professional development. As part of your role, you’ll be comfortable talking about digital workplace concepts and solutions to your team, the wider Deloitte business and in client workshops to all levels up to C-level (e.g. CTO, CIO) stakeholders.

 

Depending on your previous experience and preference for developing technical and non-technical skills, responsibilities may include some or all:

Using your expertise to re-imagine what the client's future workplace should be and designing enhanced user experiences with Digital Workplace technologies such as Microsoft 365 and Google Workspace
Delivering workplace technology advice to our clients, identifying strategies and solutions to their challenges and supporting in the creation of business cases as appropriate.
Conceptualising, designing and reviewing technology solutions across leading Digital Workplace vendors including but not limited to Microsoft 365 and Google Workspace
Support our clients in designing their new workplace through application of human-centred and security by design design techniques.
Advising our clients in how to optimise and secure their Digital Workplace environment and investments, including users, data, devices and access control to applications
Supporting and delivering our clients’ workplace transformation programmes, demonstrating forethought on the long-term sustainable adoption of new technologies.
Advising our clients in how to drive changes in user behaviour to deliver maximum benefit from new technologies.
Working in and/or managing diverse teams within an inclusive team culture where people are recognised for their contribution.
Supporting the continued growth of our business through contributing to propositions, training, marketing, communications and recruitment activities.
 

 

About our team 
Deloitte’s Cloud and Engineering Practice, and more specifically our Digital Workplace team, helps clients realise the potential of transformational workplace technology to solve their most challenging issues. We improve the productivity, engagement and innovation of workforces, and identify opportunities to optimise their technology usage. We also accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, by implementing vendor solutions as well as Deloitte-developed software solutions and tools.

 

Required interpersonal skills/experience

 

Ability to build credibility and rapport with client teams 
Understand and able to demonstrate core consulting fundamentals; e.g. structured problem solving, delivery frameworks, project methodologies, stakeholder engagement.
Experience presenting and talking to groups of varied sizes and skill level  
Ability to prioritise and complete tasks and deliverables independently
Experience in coaching/mentoring less senior team members
Strong written and verbal communication skills
 

Required role specific skills/experience

We are looking for candidates who are able to demonstrate skills and experience in the following:

 

Essential:

 

Demonstrable experience of some or all of the following:
Experience in the strategy, design and/or delivery of Digital Workplace technology projects or programmes or delivering business or technology change.
Understanding of workplace technologies and vendors, as well as the industries in which our clients operate.
An understanding of how an IT function operates, particularly with regards to service delivery within the Digital Workplace and/or End User Compute domains
Strong analytical / problem-solving ability to provide thought-through, clearly articulated, pragmatic solutions and recommendations to complex business problems
Demonstrated ability to prioritise workload, meet project deadlines, and drive results
Ability to produce quality deliverables
Ability to communicate complex / technical issues to non-technical audiences (written high-level / low-level designs and oral presentation)
Vendor/product assessment and selection
Strong technical expertise in some or all of the following:
Mobility and security, e.g. Microsoft Endpoint Manager & Windows 10/11, Jamf, Workspace One
Collaboration technology set and best practices, e.g. M365 (Exchange, Teams, SharePoint), Google Workspace, Workplace by Meta, Slack
Core understanding of secure remote working solutions, including cloud-based virtual desktop solutions
Digital Workplace security, e.g. data loss prevention, Privileged Identity Management and Microsoft 365 security features
Identity and access management services, e.g. Azure AD, Okta, Ping Federate
 

 

Desirable:

Experience in project management
Understanding and/or experience of human-centred design methodologies
Experience in design and delivery of business change and adoption initiatives
Relevant recent technology or delivery certifications
An understanding of emerging and innovative workplace technologies, and how to shape IT strategy and delivery in order to leverage those technologies
Experience in transitioning to modern Digital Workplace architecture with zero trust security principles (e.g. identity- and policy-based access control for applications)
Understanding of IoT, connected spaces and smart building management solutions (e.g. PlaceOS)
SharePoint – design, hybrid configuration and migrations
Experience in using low-/no-code platforms to solve business challenges, e.g. Power Platform
Experience in RFP processes and understanding of engagement and professional services go-to-market approaches
 

 

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.  

 

 

Next Steps 

Sound like the sort of role for you? Apply now!

 

 

 

By applying for this job, you’ll be assessed against the Deloitte Talent Standards. We’ve designed these standards so that you can grow in your career, and we can provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte employee experience globally. The preferred candidate will be subject to background screening by Deloitte or by their external third-party provider.


