Senior Consultant or Manager - Defence - EY Parthenon
Location:  Melbourne
Other locations:  Anywhere in Country
Salary: Competitive
Date:  9 Jul 2025
Job description
Requisition ID:  1622942
At EY, we’re all in to shape your future with confidence. 

We’ll help you succeed in a globally connected powerhouse of diverse teams and take your career wherever you want it to go. 

Join EY and help to build a better working world.

 

 

The opportunity

 

At EY-Parthenon, our unique combination of transformative strategy, transactions, tax and corporate finance delivers real-world value – solutions that work in practice, not just on paper. Benefiting from EY’s full spectrum of services, we’ve reimagined strategic consulting to work in a world of increasing complexity. With deep functional and sector expertise, paired with innovative AI-powered technology and an investor mindset, we partner with CEOs, boards, private equity and governments every step of the way.

As a EY Parthenon Defence professional, you will be focused on commercial, project management and corporate finance advisory business supporting the Department of Defence in responding to the key challenges facing Australia. 

The EY Parthenon Defence team collaborates on a national level, and for the right candidate, the role can be based in Naarm (Melbourne), Ngambri (Canberra), Meanjin (Brisbane), or Warrang (Sydney).

 

Your key responsibilities

 

Work alongside Partners and Directors on complex policy, strategy and transaction questions.
Work with the national team across procurement and commercial advice projects, from buying new Army capabilities to sustaining and managing existing capabilities through life and upgrading these to meet Defence’s requirements.
Advise Defence on the commercial, financial and contractual requirements of capability acquisition, and how to utilise private capital.
Balance client service delivery methods between embedded roles at the client site and virtual delivery teams working collaboratively on client transactions.
 

Skills and attributes for success

 

Have demonstrated commercial nous with minimum 4+ years’ experience in commercial advisory and/or transaction/project management.
You will need to be an Australian Citizen with / ability to obtain an Australian Government security clearance.
Prior experience in complex procurement and /or corporate finance, ideally in Utilities, Resources, Infrastructure or Transport with an eagerness to grow Defence domain experience and interest.
Be capable of operating in an integrated contractor and Commonwealth Team.
 

What we offer you

 

We will fuel your ambition and potential with future-focused skills development that equips you with state-of-the-art methodologies and technology-enabled solutions. With more than 25,000 people in 150 countries, you will join an inclusive and empowering culture that values your uniqueness, prioritizes your wellbeing, and immerses you in the diverse thinking and cross-cultural experiences necessary to help deliver impact to clients across the globe and to help build a better working world. Learn more about careers at EY-Parthenon.

 

Career development: At EY, your career is yours to shape! We’ll develop you with future-focused skills and equip you with world-class experiences ey.com/au/careerdevelopment
Flexible work arrangements: Our flexible work policies empower you to balance your professional and personal life, fostering a culture of trust and autonomy.
A comprehensive benefits package: From a yearly wellness incentive, to access to additional 8 weeks of flex leave per year, and family-friendly policies, including 26 weeks of gender-neutral paid parental leave, we cater to your diverse needs to help you thrive both personally and professionally www.ey.com/au/benefits    
Salary: We offer a competitive salary which is open to negotiation pending on skills and experience.
 

Acknowledgement of Country

 

EY acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of the lands on which EY offices are located around Australia. We pay our respects to their cultures, and to their Elders — past, present, and emerging. Find out more about our vision for reconciliation at ey.com/en_au/careers/indigenous

 

Diversity, equity, and inclusiveness (DE&I) are core to who we are, how we work and how we live our values. We encourage applications from people of all ages, nationalities, abilities, cultures, sexual orientations, and gender identities and are committed to providing an equitable and barrier free recruitment experience for all. We encourage you to share any support and adjustments you need to be your best and participate equitably in our recruitment process. We understand sharing your needs with us can be daunting, so if you have questions before or during your application, we welcome you to get in touch at contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or +61 3 8650 7788 (option 2). Anything you tell us will be kept completely confidential.

 

Are you ready to shape your future with confidence? Apply today.

 

#LI-Hybrid 

 

EY | Building a better working world 

Our preferred applicant will be required to undertake employment screening by EY or our external third-party provider. 

 

© 2025 Ernst & Young Australia. A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited. All Rights Reserved. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.