At AustralianSuper, we truly care about our colleagues. We know work and life are intertwined. That's why we support the diverse needs of everyone and have policies that enable us all to thrive and be truly flexible. We ensure diversity is celebrated for the opportunity it provides us all to learn and grow, and deliver better outcomes for members.



Your New Role

Reporting to the Chief Information Security Officer, the Principal Cyber Resilience is a key strategic role responsible for protecting the Fund's digital assets by leading its preventative security function. This position oversees the operation of core security capabilities, provides assurance over the Fund's security posture, and develops strategies to manage cyber risk in alignment with the Fund's risk appetite.

The role will play a leading role in delivering core elements of the security strategy, with a strong emphasis on operational excellence and enhancing cyber resilience through risk buy down. Collaboration is central to this role, requiring close engagement with internal operational teams, business units, and third-party partners to maintain and strengthen the Fund's overall security posture.

The successful candidate will be an integral member of the Security Leadership Team and expected to actively contribute to the broader leadership of the Technology Services department.



What You'll Need

Minimum of 10 years cyber security and leadership experience
Exceptional leadership, stakeholder engagement, influence, and communication skills
In-depth understanding of current technical cyber security threats and contemporary mitigation strategies
Expertise in information security standards, including ISO 27001/2, CPS 234, and the Essential Eight
Demonstrated experience in risk management, policy formulation, and security compliance
Operations management experience, including process improvement, automation and AI






Life at AustralianSuper

AustralianSuper is committed to colleague development, and we support our people with ongoing learning, coaching and training, as well as career opportunities across our expanding global organisation. We offer generous leave entitlements and promote a blended working environment in which all roles can flex, and we're happy to discuss what this looks like for you.

We cultivate a workplace that champions safety, respect, inclusiveness and diversity. We are committed to supporting our diverse workforce in a way that is inclusive and embraces diversity in all its forms. If you require any reasonable adjustments to the recruitment process or the role, please let our recruitment team know.



What's Next

Apply now, if you share our values of Energy, Integrity, Generosity of Spirit and Excellent Outcomes and would like the opportunity to work in a challenging, growing and rapidly evolving team to deliver outstanding results.

Australian or New Zealand citizenship or Australian permanent residency status is required.

Progress powered by purpose.



https://www.australiansuper.com/careers/candidate-privacy-notice
