Join the best. Be yourself.
  
“Being the best isn’t just about being the best professionals. It’s about being the best place to work, grow, be yourself.”  
  
Wotton Kearney (WK) has been in the insurance and risk business for just over 20 years. From a founding partnership of two in 2002, WK has grown to be a market-leading firm with more than 600 people across Australia and New Zealand.

The opportunity 

We are seeking an IT Operations and Security Administrator to join us in either our Sydney, Melbourne or Brisbane offices. As a valued member of the team, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining the organisation's IT infrastructure and cloud services. This role requires a deep understanding of traditional on-premises infrastructure and cloud technologies, networking, and cybersecurity to ensure the reliability, scalability, and security of our IT system.

A taste of what you'll be involved in...
Provide responsive escalation support to internal support teams; inc. providing accurate/timely advice and resolution of issues for systems to ensure disruptions to services is minimised. 
Track issues and support requests via the IT Service Desk ticketing system to ensure timely resolutions of faults and service requests.  
Manage & maintain environment across technologies including M365 suite, on premise servers (VMware), networking, WAN, backups and cloud computing. 
Manage infrastructure projects across hardware & software, network, internet access/security, application, and infrastructure requirements. 
Provide technical oversight and management of suppliers. 
Active Directory, Certificate Services and Group Policy (config management including application deployment [msi, exe, PowerShell]). 
DNS, DHCP, Domain administration, including email security measures (SPF, DMARC, DKIM etc) 
Microsoft 365 administration, including Office, Teams, SharePoint, Exchange, etc 
Azure Active Directory / Entra ID: users, groups, identities, RBAC, security 
Monitoring for issues & alerts 
Proactively check that systems and processes comply with regulatory, scheme and customer security and risk requirements. 
Prepare for, and participate in, compliance audits, risk assurance visits, business continuity and disaster recovery exercises to satisfy internal and external stakeholder expectations.
What you will need to succeed
Minimum 5 years' experience in an infrastructure and Azure cloud support and security role. 
Technical experience with Microsoft 365, Exchange Online, Azure Entra ID, Windows Server (ie. DNS and DHCP), Intune and Azure Services for Device Management, and network & firewalls. 
Security focused mindset with Endpoint protection experience (Sophos, CrowdStrike etc.) 
Process driven and strong organisational skills. 
Good working knowledge of Windows Server 2012-22, IIS and SQL. 
Process driven and strong organisational skills. 
Strong customer service orientation with proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Why WK?

At Wotton Kearney, our core values of relationships, excellence, and diversity are not mere words on a wall but principles that guide our everyday actions. We foster a culture of collaboration, respect, and inclusion, ensuring that these values are lived and breathed by each member of our firm.
  
Culturally, it is important to us that if you are part of the high performing W+K team that you feel supported and valued for your contribution. These are some of the ways we achieve this goal:
Industry Leaders & Innovation Pioneers – We don’t just keep up with change; we drive it. We were the first Australian law firm to launch Cicero, the country’s first AI product built for legal professionals.
Recognised Excellence – Ranked Australia’s best insurance law firm (Best Lawyers 2026) and consistently ranked Band 1 across legal directories.
FLEX for all: We care about client outcomes, quality, and business and cultural contributions. If you can make that work by working part-time, working “irregular hours” or working from home – then so can we.
Growth & Mentoring – We invest in you with hands-on mentoring, training, and career development, keeping you ahead in the legal and insurance industries.
A Culture That Sets Us Apart – Open, collegiate, and passionate about everything we do. We don’t just talk about culture—we live it.
Giving Back – From building homes in Cambodia to fun runs and bake sales, there are plenty of ways to make an impact beyond the office.
Leaders of the Pack – As one of Australia’s fastest-growing law firms, we know where we’re headed—and we want you on the journey with us.
Putting People First – We offer generous parental leave, purchased annual leave, home office allowances, education assistance, an Employee Assistance Program, and more.
For more information about Wotton Kearney, please visit our website at https://www.wottonkearney.com.au/.
   
How to apply
  
Please navigate via the “apply now” link.

The closing date for applications is 15 August 2025.
  
We are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace at Wotton  Kearney. As part of our dedication to accessibility, we strive to support candidates with disabilities throughout the interview process. If you require any accommodations or assistance during the application and interview stages please contact join.us@wottonkearney.com
  
Note to recruitment agencies
  
We are working on this role directly, so please do not send unsolicited resumes to any Wotton Kearney employee in relation to this role or others. We cannot accept unsolicited resumes or be responsible for fees related to unsolicited candidates.