About the job
At Google, we have a vision of empowerment and equitable opportunity for all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and commit to building reconciliation through Google’s technology, platforms and people and we welcome Indigenous applicants. Please see our Reconciliation Action Plan for more information.

Note: Google’s hybrid workplace includes remote and in-office roles. By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following:

In-office locations: Sydney NSW, Australia.

Remote location(s): South Australia, AU; Victoria, AU.Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cybersecurity or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of experience in an offensive or defensive security role with Mitre attack and attacker tools.
Experience in working with security controls in an endpoint (e.g., Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR)) or network (e.g., IDS, IPS) capacity.
Experience in leading teams in scoping, planning, executing, reporting or remediating the results.
Experience with software development or coding in Python.

Preferred qualifications:

Certifications in offensive security including OSCE, OSEP, OSEE, OSCP, CCSAS, CCT INF or related System Admin, Audit, Network, and Security (SANS) courses.
Experience in four or more of the following: network protocols, threat intelligence analysis, system and network administration, project management, developing applications, technical incident response processes, source code review, reverse engineering.
Experience with local business and management teams in driving consulting business generation, scoping or client management.
Experience in creating security tools with knowledge of programming languages (e.g., Python, C# etc.).
Excellent communication, collaboration, and public speaking skills.

About the jobIn this role, you will be responsible for providing cybersecurity consulting services and support to clients, including assessing and advising clients on technical and process-based controls for all environments.Part of Google Cloud, Mandiant is a recognized leader in dynamic cyber defense, threat intelligence and incident response services. Mandiant's cybersecurity expertise has earned the trust of security professionals and company executives around the world. Our unique combination of renowned frontline experience responding to some of the most complex breaches, nation-state grade threat intelligence, machine intelligence, and the industry's best security validation ensures that Mandiant knows more about today's advanced threats than anyone.

Responsibilities

Perform Red and Purple Team assessments, including end-to-end adversarial emulation of cyber attacks against customer organizations, and other technical cyber assessments including external engagement, web application, mobile and wireless security testing.
Expand the team’s capabilities through tool creation, research on offensive techniques, incorporation of threat actor intelligence, internal presentations and knowledge sharing.
Develop reports and presentations for technical and executive audiences, and act as a trusted advisor to C-level, security leaders and customer stakeholders.
Collaborate with internal teams to expand capabilities to deliver value to clients.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .