Overview
Work Type: Fixed-term - Part-time

Salary: $138,631 - $185,518

Grade: VPS 6

Occupation: IT and telecommunications

Location: Melbourne - CBD and Inner Metro suburbs

Reference: VG/50966670

The Senior Salesforce Solution Architect is responsible for leading the creation of technical solutions and providing leadership and support to the department's project team and business units.

The Senior Salesforce Solution Architect will provide detailed Salesforce solution options, designs, as well as recommendations on tools, capabilities and solution sets based on research of the current environment and knowledge of data management, security and information systems.

Specialist/Technical Expertise/Qualifications

Mandatory:

Salesforce Certified in Application Architect
Salesforce Certified System Architect
Salesforce Certified Data Architecture & Management Designer
Desirable

Salesforce Platform Developer II and Salesforce Certified Field Service Lightning Consultant
This is a part time (0.6 FTE), fixed term position available until 30 June 2026. The successful candidate can select a base of either our Melbourne or Morwell office, hybrid work arrangements are also available.

This is a VPS Grade 6.2 position.

To be considered for this position, applicants are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter (no longer than 2 pages) summarising their skills and relevant experience.

For further information please refer to the attached position description.

Applications close at midnight on Wednesday, 23 July 2025.

Other relevant information:

Preferred candidates will be required to undertake pre-employment screening, including a Declaration and Consent form and a National Police Check. 

To be eligible for appointment to this role, applicants will possess corresponding work rights for the advertised employment period. Appointment to an ongoing position is only available to an Australian/New Zealand citizen or an Australian Permanent Resident. 

A Diverse, Inclusive and Flexible Workplace

DEECA welcomes applicants from a diverse range of backgrounds and we focus on the essential requirements of the job and being consistent and fair in our treatment of all applicants. We also understand that a balanced life is important to our employees. Talk to us about our flexible options such as working some days from home, starting early or late, working part time, job sharing or accessing paid or unpaid leave.