Full job description
ROLE: Program Manager - OT Utilities

LOCATION: Melbourne

Key Responsibilities:

Implementation of an Energy Transition or AEMO compliance delivery Program.
Leading large IT programs, acting as the single point of contact (SPOC) for the implementation team.
Communicate with stakeholders, plan programs, and manage RAID
Map business processes and design solution architecture.
Provide functional and technical guidance to implementation teams
Drive program scope, schedule, and deliverables.
Collaborate and manage dependencies with internal teams and external third parties, including product vendors.
Ensure compliance with industry standards and best practices.
Monitor and report on program progress, identifying and mitigating risks.
Foster a culture of continuous improvement and innovation within the team.
Required Skills:

Minimum of 15 years of experience in consulting and implementation of OT & IT projects in Utilities domain. Preferably package implementation programs.
Preferably experienced in Utilities domain and hands-on experience in the Utilities field as a domain consultant or subject matter expert.
In-depth knowledge of SDLC process
Excellent communication and customer-facing skills to effectively interact with cross-functional teams, stakeholders, and end-users across the geographies.
Proven ability to lead and manage large-scale transformation programs.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple priorities.
Experience with Agile methodologies and project management tools
Qualification:

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (e.g., Engineering, Environmental Science, Business Administration).
Proven experience in program management in utilities sector including understanding of transmission and distribution domain
Excellent communication, negotiation, and stakeholder management skills.
Ability to work effectively in agile, onsite/offshore environment
About Us:

We are Delivery Centric, a dynamic technology company that is transforming the delivery of cloud implementations and Cyber security. We are headquartered in Australia with a global presence. We are tenacious, future-thinking, and highly driven to achieve an ambitious vision to be the leading global provider of innovative technologies for companies that keep our world clean, safe, and secure.

Our fast-paced and supportive environment will offer you lots of benefits, including a competitive salary, a friendly team, a healthy work environment, and opportunities for training and development.

for further details please contact - Chrisabel.Sherin@deliverycentric.com

Job Type: Full-time

Work Authorisation:

Australia (Required)