Senior Cyber Risk and Compliance Consultant
Job No.: 679349

Location: Clayton campus

Employment Type: Full-time 

Duration: Continuing appointment

Remuneration: $140,157 - $148,769 pa HEW Level 09 (plus 17% employer superannuation)

Amplify your impact at a world top 50 University
Join our inclusive, collaborative community
Be surrounded by extraordinary ideas - and the people who discover them
The Opportunity

Monash University is seeking a Senior Cyber Risk and Compliance Consultant to join our high-performing, specialist team. In this strategic role, you will shape the cyber risk landscape across the University, providing expert advice and ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data are maintained at the highest levels.

This position will be responsible for leading the delivery of expert advice and oversight on technology and third-party cyber risk, developing and embedding policies and controls that align with Monash’s risk appetite and compliance obligations. You will contribute to long-term strategy and be pivotal in shaping security and risk frameworks, facilitating risk assessments, workshops, and audits. The role also involves building and maintaining key relationships across the University and with external partners, ensuring effective cyber risk governance and continuous improvement of controls in line with ISO 27001, NIST, and industry best practices.

About You!

To be successful in this role, you will have extensive expertise in cyber risk management and information security, supported by postgraduate qualifications or equivalent industry experience and certifications such as CRISC, CISM or CISA. Your expert knowledge of information security and risk management principles, practices, relevant standards and legislation coupled with a sound understanding of operating system platforms and security models relevant to cyber security technologies and processes will be essential. Exceptional relationship management and influencing skills, with a proven ability to engage, guide, communicate and gain the trust of diverse stakeholders across technical and non-technical environments will also be key to success in this role.

About Monash University

At Monash, work feels different. There’s a sense of belonging, from contributing to something groundbreaking – a place where great things happen.

We value difference and diversity, and welcome and celebrate everyone's contributions, lived experience and expertise. That’s why we champion an inclusive and respectful workplace culture where everyone is supported to succeed.

Learn more about Monash.

Be part of our story. Work with us to #ChangeIt.

Monash supports flexible and hybrid working arrangements. We have a range of policies in place enabling staff to combine work and personal commitments. This includes supporting parents.

To Apply

For instructions on how to apply, please refer to 'How to apply for Monash Jobs'.

Diversity is one of our greatest strengths at Monash. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, culturally and linguistically diverse people, people with disabilities, neurodivergent people, and people of all genders, sexualities, and age groups.

We are committed to fostering an inclusive and accessible recruitment process at Monash. If you need any reasonable adjustments, please contact us at hr-recruitment@monash.edu in an email titled 'Reasonable Adjustments Request' for a confidential discussion.

Your employment is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of all pre-employment and background checks required for the role, as determined by the University.

Enquiries: Eddie Kobak, Third Party Cyber Risk Management Lead, +61 3 9905 4304

Position Description: Senior Cyber Risk and Compliance Consultant

Applications Close: Thursday, 31 July 2025, 11:55pm AEST

Supporting a diverse workforce