At SEEK, we serve a noble purpose: to help people live more fulfilling and productive working 
lives and to help organisations succeed.

By joining us, you’ll be part of a multi-national technology business that is far-reaching 
with a start-up working culture that focuses on a set of collaborative values and appreciates 
dynamic cultures. SEEK is a place where potential meets possibility – it’s where your career 
aspiration and our purpose can make great things happen.

Why join us?

Be part of a multi-national tech company with strong core values to help us solve complex 
challenges for our customers while building a flexible, exciting career – one that could take you anywhere.

We’re looking for people who thrive in dynamic teams and enjoy tackling regular new 
challenges in a large-scale, modern, and agile environment. As one of Asia Pacific’s 
largest tech companies, you’ll contribute to multi-lingual systems, solving high-impact
 problems to the benefit of millions of people within the region.

Be part of a fast-growing company with a strong culture and clear purpose,
 innovation and strong investment in responsible AI. SEEK offers you the opportunity
   to be involved in impactful work and be part of a great team. Expect a great investment in 
   your career development with access to workshops, conferences and courses while you work
     alongside seasoned experts.

Job Description
About the role

As a Security Engineer at SEEK, you'll be part of a fast-paced and supportive environment 
where you can make a real difference. You'll work on complex challenges that have a direct 
impact on people's lives, helping us evolve our business and reach new heights.

This is a delivery-oriented role, focused on performing penetration testing, code review and 
supporting red team related activities. Reporting to the Head of Offensive Security you will 
be working closely with the other offensive security team members on a variety of projects 
and initiatives.

Responsibilities

Execute web application, network, mobile and API penetration tests. 
Analyze results, create detailed reports, and present findings to stakeholders. 
Develop scripts and small tools to automate testing and vulnerability identification. 
Able to provide feedback on findings on penetration tests. 
Participate in mentoring and training as identified. 
Qualifications
Skills and experience

Essential Qualifications, Skills, and Experience

3+ years working in an offensive security role.
Well versed in Web application and API security.
Proficient with a range of testing tools (e.g., Burp Suite Pro, Metasploit).
Basic exploit writing skills.
Proficient in at least one programming language (Typescript, JavaScript).
Basic proficiency in databases and Linux/Windows/ system administration.
OSCP/GPEN/Crest CRT
Other Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Proficient with software development tools (git, vscode, etc).
Experience with secure or offensive code review preferred.
Published research, exploits and vulnerabilities (CVEs).
Excellent communication skills
Additional Information
Perks and benefits

At SEEK we offer:

Support of flexible working, including a mix of office and work from home days depending on your role
SEEK is committed to preparing for the impacts of climate change and the transition to a 
low-carbon future, and manages its environmental impacts including on climate change.
The opportunity to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per financial year
Frequent events including sports days, year-end party, hackathon, and trivia
Casual dress every day
