Senior Consultant - Global Mobility Advisory
Melbourne VIC, Australia
Full-time
Job Description
Job Description
KPMG’s Global Mobility Services (GMS) Advisory team helps multinational organisations manage the complexities of a globally mobile workforce. Our experts provide innovative solutions and advice to navigate tax, immigration, Social Security, and compliance challenges across multiple jurisdictions.  We partner with clients to advise on areas such as global tax planning, policy design, expatriate payroll compliance, risk management, and immigration strategies, delivering value-added insights and comprehensive support

Our US-Australia Tax Advisory Services team sits within the GMS Advisory team assisting in navigating the complexities of cross border tax obligations across the US and Australia. We assist multinational organisations and their executives, start-ups and individuals and their families with links to the US to structure their business and investment holdings to mitigate double taxation and ensure global compliance.   More information on what we do can be found here:

US Tax Services |Advisory, Compliance & Tax Planning - KPMG Australia

Your Opportunity

As a Senior Consultant in the US and Australian Tax Advisory Services team, you will apply your expertise to assist clients with the unique tax challenges associated with US and Australian cross-border activities. You will work with high-net-wealth clients, family offices, multinational organisations and privately owned businesses across a range of industries, helping them navigate the intricate requirements of Australian and US tax legislation.

Your Experience

With demonstrated experience in US and Australian Tax advisory services, your responsibilities will include to:

Provide tax advisory and compliance services to clients with cross-border tax considerations, focusing on Australian and US tax matters (having experience in at least one region).
Assist clients in navigating the intricate web of cross-border tax issues, including identifying Australian tax residency considerations and their implications for personal and business tax matters.
Apply professional expertise in Australian and US tax legislation and regulations in cross-border contexts to provide tailored, compliant solutions.
Ensure tax forms and schedules submitted to tax authorities, such as the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), are accurate, complete, and reliable.
Work closely with high-net-worth clients, family offices, and privately owned businesses to understand their unique needs, providing actionable insights and solutions.
Support team leads in delivering US and Australian tax services for clients operating in multiple jurisdictions, including expatriates and multinational organisations.
Stay updated on relevant tax regulations and provide timely, innovative guidance to clients on legislative changes impacting cross-border taxation.
How are you extraordinary:

You are a relationship builder, with keen communication skills and the knack for building and managing relationships with diverse internal and external stakeholders.
You love being part of a collaborative and multidisciplinary team and building strong relationships both internally and externally.
You are an avid learner with a deep passion for leadership and organisational development. You are curious, keen to collaborate, learn from others, and stay abreast of research and thought leadership in future of work trends and leadership.
Additional Information
KPMG is a professional services firm with global outreach and deep sector experience. We work with clients across an array of industries to solve complex challenges, steer change and enable growth. 

Our people are what make KPMG the thriving workplace that it is and what sets us apart is that we know great minds think differently. Collaborate with a team of passionate, highly skilled professionals who’ve got your back. You’ll build relationships with unique and diverse colleagues who will provide you with the support you need to be your best and produce meaningful and impactful work in an inclusive, equitable culture.

At KPMG, you’ll take control over how you work. We’re embracing a new way of working in many ways, from offering flexible hours and locations to generous paid parental leave and career breaks. Our people enjoy a variety of exciting perks, including retail discounts, health and wellbeing initiatives, learning and growth opportunities, salary packaging options and more.

Diverse candidates have diverse needs. During your recruitment journey, information will be provided about adjustment requests. If you require additional support before submitting your application, please contact the Talent Attraction Support Team.

At KPMG every career is different, and we look forward to seeing how you grow with us.