sample secure camera platform architecture review & threat model examplecorp august 17, 2021 prepared for eugene belford prepared by dade murphy kate libby this report (including any enclosures and attachments) has been prepared using fictitious scenarios and information for illustrative purposes only (including but not limited to fictitious data, information, company profiles, and findings). any resemblance to actual companies, data, scenarios or findings etc is purely coincidental. this report is intended for the exclusive use and benefit of the addressee(s) and solely for the purpose for which it is provided. unless we provide express prior written consent, no part of this report should be reproduced, distributed or communicated to any third party. we do not accept any liability if this report is used for an alternative purpose from which it is intended, nor to any third party in respect of this report.sample executive summary examplecorp engaged test organization to conduct a security architecture review of the secure camera platform. the objectives of this project were as follows: * document all of the individual components (even third-party components/partners) that make up the system * learn how those components work together to make the application function in as much technical detail as possible in the time allotted * enumerate assets of the system (e.g. valuable data or access to sensitive components) * enumerate and evaluate existing security controls that are in place to protect those assets * identify potential threats by legitimate users, employees, related third parties, and external attackers * uncover any design defects or security gaps that exist with the system design * make specific recommendations for defect remediation or product design security improvement for this project, test organization reviewed documentation provided by examplecorp, and interviewed several subject matter experts onsite at examplecorp's facility in dallas, tx. the topics covered during this review included: * overall system architecture * mobile application design * secure camera cloud overview * qa testing * sdlc gates and processes * backups, including retention and access control * system patching and updates * usage of third-party libraries * logging and monitoring * business risks after gaining an understanding of how the system works, test organization documented the application message flow, and identified specific assets, threat agents, and attack vectors. this process is documented inmethodology on page 4. based on this, test organization identified the following potential design or process flaws: * sensitive data exposure through storage api (finding testorg-examplecorp001-003 on page 12, finding testorg-examplecorp001- 008 on page 20) * sensitive production data used in staging (finding testorg-examplecorp001-001 on page 15) * revenue generating advertisement delivery can be bypassed (finding testorg-examplecorp001-006 on page 23) * auth token passed over unencrypted communication channel (web services) (finding testorg-examplecorp001-007 on page 19) * use of shared administrator credentials (finding testorg-examplecorp001-002 on page 16) * firmware or bootloader downgrades not prevented (finding testorg-examplecorp001-004 on page 17) * firmware integrity validation flaw (finding testorg-examplecorp001-005 on page 18) * application uses weak hash to store passwords (finding testorg-examplecorp001-010 on page 21) * sensitive information stored in logs (finding testorg-examplecorp001-012 on page 14) these potential vulnerabilities are discussed in more detail intable of findings on page 11. it is important to note that this information is a result of interviews conducted with employees of secure camera, and has not been explicitly confirmed by test organization through manual testing or source code review. note: this sample report is intended to provide a generic illustration of test organization deliverables. every assessment of this type is tailored to the customer, and specific project parameters. the product, system architecture, interview notes, and vulnerabilities mentioned throughout this document are fictitious. technical references and inter-relationships may or may not be consistent. 2 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample dashboard target metadata engagement data name secure camera type security architecture review type security architecture review method security architecture review platforms java dates 2019-08-04 to 2019-08-23 environment production consultants 2 level of effort 30 person-days finding breakdown critical issues 0 high issues 3 medium issues 8 low issues 2 informational issues 0 total issues 13 category breakdown access controls 2 auditing and logging 1 authentication 2 configuration 1 cryptography 2 data exposure 2 data validation 1 other 1 patching 1 component breakdown administration api 2 camera 3 camera repository 2 device ownership manager 1 mobile application 1 processes/procedures 1 user management 3 key critical high medium low informational 3 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample methodology test organization performed a security architecture review of the in-scope applications and systems, tailored to the project timeframe, and focused on the following items: * test organization interviewed examplecorp personnel to understand the target's functionality, components, assets, and security controls. full interview notes are included inappendix b on page 27. stakeholders interviewed included: - lead developers - system architects - it operations (for the infrastructure in which the system operates) - business line personnel - internal security team * test organization reviewed relevant system documentation covering design, specifications, security, and deployment sce- narios. documents reviewed are listed inappendix c on page 29, and included the following: - system architecture diagrams - data flow diagrams - database entity diagrams and data dictionaries - functional specifications - technical specifications - use cases - user stories - test cases * where possible, test organization conducted joint whiteboard diagramming and table-top exercises to understand ex- pected outcomes and corner-cases. * after completing the initial interview and discovery phase, test organization analyzed the system's security model to: - review security assumptions and identify any gaps between them and those actually provided by the system - uncover possible weaknesses in the existing design as a result of misunderstood assumptions, missing security guarantees in the underlying networks, applications, or operating systems, or insufficient specifications - identify future weaknesses that could occur due to changing assumptions or deployment scenarios, and docu- mented features and functionality that must be maintained for the system to mitigate intended risks over time - describe additional features or functionality that could increase the security of the system, such as compensating controls that can provide defense-in-depth * finally, test organization documented all analysis, observations, and findings in this report, in addition to the architecture diagram and threat model. the threat model covers: - key system assets to be protected - significant threats to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of identified assets - most likely attack vectors that test organization believes would be used by attackers - recommended mitigations and security features for addressing identified threats 4 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample architecture overview after a thorough review of the client provided documentation listed inappendix c on page 29, and in person interviews documented in appendix b on page 27, test organization created the following architecture diagram, which details the components, trust boundaries and communication paths that make up the secure camera system. this diagram is based loosely on recognized conventions such as those described inthe security development lifecycle, chapter 9, (m. howard and s. lipner, 2006). other conventions may be used depending on project-specific requirements. camera repository user analytics targeted advertising https http https mobile application wifi camera live view storage playback ipc admin settings filesystem https device comm manager local storage http auth api account management api http device registration http storage api jdbc logging api jdbc firmware update api user management jdbc httpauth controller user database jdbc http user profile manager jdbc device ownership manager http device association manager jdbchttp image manager image storage log storage firmware storage jdbc jdbc jdbc http administration api https administrative web applicationsecure camera corporate network secure camera cloud user local network advertising partner note: load balancer terminates tls http https web application figure 1: this is a made up system that may or may not make technical sense - for illustration purposes only 5 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample a description of each in-scope component is listed below: user-facing applications * mobile application: ios or android application that allows the end user to view their recorded images, or perform a live view of the camera. this is also where revenue-generating advertisements are displayed to the user. * web application: single page application (spa) that an end user uses to create their account and register their camera with secure camera cloud. wi-fi camera hardware and software * wi-fi camera package: the following components make up the wi-fi camera: - live view: internal lan-only web service responsible for initiating a live view of the camera, to allow a mobile application user to view the camera live feed. - storage playback: internal lan-only web service responsible for initiating playback of recorded images, to allow a mobile application user to view previously taken photos stored locally on the camera, or saved to secure camera cloud. - administration: internal lan-only web service responsible for allowing an authenticated web application user to take ownership of the camera, and register the device with secure camera cloud. - device comm manager: central communication component of the camera that routes user requests to local storage, or secure camera cloud. - camera local storage: local 1gb storage container for storing photos and configuration data. internet-accessible apis * auth api: externally accessible web service that handles authentication requests from the web and mobile applica- tions. * account management api: externally accessible web service that handles account management requests sent by the web application. * device registration: externally accessible web service that handles device registration requests sent by the camera. * storage api: externally accessible web service that handles image upload and download requests. * logging api: externally accessible web service that handles log write requests sent by the camera. * firmware api: externally accessible web service that handles firmware update requests sent by the camera. internal systems * user management: the collection of components that make up user account management operations are: - auth controller: responsible for user login, and session management operations. - user profile manager: responsible for managing user account data stored in the user database. - device ownership manager: responsible for managing user to device ownership mappings in the user database. - user db: mysql database that is used to store user credentials, session information, and device ownership data. * camera repository package: the collection of components that make up the image cloud storage and playback functionality are: - image manager: responsible for storing and retrieving images from the image storage database for requested devices and users. - image storage: mysql database that contains camera images for all cameras. - device association mapper: responsible for mapping camera images to the appropriate devices and users. * log storage: mysql database that contains logs for all cameras. * firmware storage: filesystem that contains all firmware versions available for the secure camera devices. * administration api: web service used by admin web application to authenticate examplecorp employees, and allow them to manage the cloud data storage components. exposed to the examplecorp corporate network. * admin web application: web application used by examplecorp employees to perform administration functionality on secure camera cloud components. 6 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample threat model test organization has taken the architecture diagram produced inarchitecture overview on page 5and overlaid assets, se- curity controls, and threat agents that were identified during the interviews and document review. the resulting threat model was then used to develop specific potential attack scenarios inthreat matrix on page 10. this sample diagram is based loosely on recognized conventions such as those described inthe security development lifecycle, chapter 9, (m. howard and s. lipner, 2006). other conventions may be used depending on project-specific requirements. camera repository user analytics targeted advertising https http https mobile application wifi camera live view storage playback ipc admin settings filesystem https device comm manager local storage http auth api account management api http device registration http storage api jdbc logging api jdbc firmware update api user management jdbc httpauth controller user database jdbc http user profile manager jdbc device ownership manager http device association manager jdbchttp image manager image storage log storage firmware storage jdbc jdbc jdbc http administration api https administrative web applicationsecure camera corporate network secure camera cloud user local network advertising partner note: load balancer terminates tls http https web application a01a02 a03a06 a07a08 a02 a02 a04a05 a02a07a08a10 a11 a12 a13 a01 a07 a06 a11 assets id description a01user camera images a02authentication token a03 wifi password a04user analytics data a05revenue-generating ads a06device firmware a07device logs a08device id a09user credentials a10admin credentials a11 admin authentication token a12customer pii a13oauth signing key c01c02 c03 c04 c05 c04 security controls id description c01 authentication c02 authorization c03 password hashing c04 firmware validity hashing c05 ip address whitelisting advertising partner employee external attacker internal network attacker employee figure 2: this is a made up system that may or may not make technical sense - for illustration purposes only 7 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample attack goals the following are goals of the threat agents in this specific system. * ag01 - steal user data (camera images, audio recordings, personal information) from user's local network, advertising partners, or examplecorp's infrastructure. * ag02 - access user's local network to conduct further network attacks. * ag03 - compromise examplecorp's infrastructure to conduct further network attacks. assets assets represent data, functionality, or an attribute of the system that a threat agent is interested in acquiring. assets are noted in red on the diagram. * a1: user camera images: pictures taken by customer's cameras. * a2: auth token: the session id of an authenticated user or camera. * a3: wi-fi password: the password to the user's wifi network. * a4: user analytics data: user browsing history data provided to the analytics partner to help deliver relevant advertisements. * a5: revenue generating ads: advertisements delivered to the user that are the sole income source for secure camera. * a6: device firmware: camera firmware packages that are installed to the device. * a7: device logs: debug and trace logs that the camera uploads to the secure camera cloud. * a8: device id: the identifier used to map users to specific devices. * a9: user credentials: the username and password hash of the user. * a10: admin credentials: the username and password hash of the examplecorp employees/administrators. * a11: admin auth token: the session id of an authenticated administrator. * a12: customer pii: the user's name, address, and email. * a13: oauth signing key: the key used to generate valid session ids. controls controls are used to protect an asset from one or more threat agents. an individual control may completely protect an asset from a threat agent or the control may only partially protect an asset from a threat agent. in some cases a control will only slow down a threat agent from accessing the asset or may only deter lower skilled threat agents. controls designed to protect an asset may fail due to vulnerabilities in their implementation. therefore as a best practice, multiple controls should be used to protect each asset. controls are noted in green on the diagram. * c1: authentication: authentication is handled by the auth controller through username and password login, and session id validation on every api request. * c2: authorization: the auth controller is used to ensure users only access assets they have been granted permis- sions to view. * c3: sha256 hashed passwords: user and administrator passwords are not stored in the user db in plaintext. instead, a sha256 hash of the user's password is stored. * c4: firmware sha256 hash: to help validate the integrity of the firmware images, a sha256 hash of the image is provided to the wifi camera along with the firmware image after a firmware update request has been received. * c5: ip address whitelisting: only requests originating from the secure cloud corporate ip range are allowed to access the administration api. threat agents threat agents are individuals that attack the system to either gain access to assets or disrupt the system's normal behavior. threat agents overlaid on the diagram are defined below: * external attackers 8 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample - ta1: authorized external user: authorized users of the system who have valid user session ids. - ta2: unauthorized external user: unauthorized users of the system who do not have valid user session ids. * advertising partner employees - ta3: authorized advertising partner employees: employees or contractors of the advertising partner who are authorized to view the user analytics data and targeted advertisement data. - ta4: unauthorized advertising partner employees: employees or contractors of the advertising partner who are not authorized to view the user analytics data and targeted advertisement data. * internal network attackers - ta5: authorized hosting employees: employees or contractors of the secure camera cloud hosting provider who are authorized to view the environment and configuration data. - ta6: unauthorized hosting employees: employees or contractors of the secure camera cloud hosting provider who are not authorized to view the environment and configuration data. * employees - ta7: authorized examplecorp employees: employees or contractors of examplecorp who have valid adminis- trator credentials. - ta8: unauthorized examplecorp employees: employees or contractors of examplecorp who do not have valid administrator credentials. 9 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample threat matrix using the assets, threat agents, and controls identified inthreat model on page 7, test organization has created the following threat matrix, which maps potential attackers to specific attack vectors and indicates the presence, or lack, of security control in place to prevent the attack. attack vectors that appear to represent vulnerabilities in the system have been called out intable of findings on the next page. description threat agent asset control note tamper with an authorized request to the storage api to view images, and modify the device id value. ta1: authorized external user a1: user camera images none this appears to be a vulnerability, as any user with a valid session token appears to be able to modify the device id in the request to fetch other images. send an unauthorized request to the storage api to view device images. ta2: unauthorized external user a1: user camera images c1: authentication, c2: authorization there appears to be controls in place to prevent this. however, test organization recommends this is thoroughly tested via dynamic analysis. pull the camera sd card to view the images. ta2: unauthorized external user a1: user camera images none user images are not encrypted on the camera's local storage. view images stored in the hosting environment. ta5: authorized hosting employee a1: user camera images none the user images are not encrypted, and appear visible to anyone with access to the hosting environment data. view the content of the image storage container. ta7: authorized examplecorp employee a1: user camera images none examplecorp administrators have access to the unencrypted user images. view the content of the image storage container. ta8: unauthorized examplecorp employee a1: user camera images c1: authentication, c2: authorization although there appears to be controls in place to prevent this, the use of shared administrator credentials poses a risk to this asset. session fixation permits user escalation. ta1: authorized external user a2: auth token c1: authentication, c2: authorization the user should have access to their auth token, but not others. malicious employee of examplecorp's hosting provider accesses examplecorp's servers. ta5: authorized hosting employee a2: auth token none the user db is not encrypted, and appear visible to anyone with access to the hosting environment data. an examplecorp employee steals the shared administrator credentials for the database. ta8: unauthorized examplecorp employee a2: auth token c1: authentication, c2: authorization although there appears to be controls in place to prevent this, the use of shared administrator credentials poses a risk to this asset. [example attack scenario] ta1: authorized external user a3: wifi password [example control] [example note] note: test organization's methodology typically evaluates all valid attack scenarios to create a complete picture of all threats in the environment. this example is for illustration purposes only, and stops short of covering all threats in the above matrix. 10 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample table of findings for each finding, test organization uses a composite risk score that takes into account the severity of the risk, application's exposure and user population, technical difficulty of exploitation, and other factors. for an explanation of test organization's risk rating and finding categorization, seeappendix a on page 25. title id risk lack of authorization controls for storage api 003 high weak administrative credentials 011 high plaintext passwords written to logs 012 high sensitive production data used in staging 001 medium use of shared administrator credentials 002 medium firmware or bootloader downgrades not prevented 004 medium ineffective firmware integrity validation 005 medium unencrypted communication channel (camera web services) 007 medium horizontal authorization bypass in storage api 008 medium application uses weak hash to store passwords 010 medium insecure random number generation 013 medium revenue generating advertisement delivery can be bypassed 006 low weak password complexity requirements 009 low 11 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding details finding lack of authorization controls for storage api risk high impact: high, exploitability: high identifier testorg-examplecorp001-003 category access controls component camera repository location device association mapper impact a successful exploit would result in the compromise of a1 (user camera images), and lead to a loss of user trust in the secure camera brand. description during interviews, test organization was notified that the camera repository and storage api use the device id sent in the request to fetch the images that belong to the specified camera. as a result of those interviews, test organization believes that no validation is performed to ensure the specified device id is associated with the logged in user's account or session id. it appears that a malicious authorized external user could modify the device id sent in their camera's request to the storage api, and potentially view images from the camera repository that they are not authorized to view. exploitation of this issue would result in severe privacy violations for examplecorp's users. if it is true that any user could modify their device id in order to read images from other users' cameras, it would result in significant harms to those users (whose cameras have likely recorded many sensitive images) and to examplecorp's reputation. recommendation test organization recommends this attack vector be thoroughly assessed during the upcoming manual penetration testing effort. the device association mapper component should confirm with the device ownership manager component that the device id sent in the request belongs to the authenticated user whose session id was presented in the original request. 12 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding weak administrative credentials risk high impact: high, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-011 category configuration component administration api impact if a malicious user is able to guess or brute force the administrator password, they would get unauthorized access to all data in the secure camera system (a1, a2, a6, a7, a8, a9, a10, a11, a12 and a13) from the assets identified inthreat model on page 7. description administrative accounts and internal infrastructure must take extra care to ensure attackers cannot gain access. if the interface allows access using credentials (for example, using a username and password), those credentials should be randomly generated and unguessable. credentials that are simple, widely known, or not changed from the default values represent a single point of compromise for the application. the application has an administrative interface that is protected with weak or default cre- dentials. an attacker with access to this interface may be able to gain access by guessing or brute-forcing those credentials, resulting in full compromise of the application. recommendation change the password to a strong, random value. do not store the password in source code; ensure that only a small number of trusted users have access to the primary admin password. do not use this account for day-to-day access. instead, set up individual accounts for each user with tightly-scoped permissions, and only use the high-privileged account in exceptional scenarios. when employees leave the company, all accounts they have access to should rotate credentials. 13 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding plaintext passwords written to logs risk high impact: high, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-012 category auditing and logging component user management impact an attacker who obtains access to the application's log files would be able to view sensitive information such as user credentials. description applications make use of logging functions to ease development, monitor application activity, or audit actions after the fact. access controls on the log files are often more lax than those on the application itself. for example, if information that is normally stored in an encrypted form is written to a log, an attacker could access it without obtaining the decryption key. additionally, an organization may permit internal access to log files with less strict controls than to the application's database. when creating log entries, therefore, care should be taken to ensure that no sensitive information is written, since this could provide attackers an easier path to obtaining that data. while reviewing the application's design documentation, test organization identified a code snippet that appears to log sensitive information. the code snippet is listed below: logger.log("user entered username " + username + " and password " + password); listing 1:authentication_proof_of_concept.java line 55 recommendation either remove the noted log entries entirely, or carefully sanitize them to remove any sensitive information. once that is done, clear or sanitize the existing logs to remove sensitive data stored within. 14 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding sensitive production data used in staging risk medium impact: high, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-001 category data exposure component processes/procedures impact cloning sensitive data into the staging environment reveals several critical assets of the secure camera system to unauthorized secure camera employees (ta8), and could lead to a loss of user trust in the secure camera brand. description during interviews, test organization was informed that developers routinely clone data from the production databases for testing purposes into the staging environment. generally, a staging environment is a non-production environment and should not be considered secure. test organization's experience has shown that non-production environments often have more lax secu- rity controls, including: * less-strict access control policies for administration * high-privileged accounts accessible to testing staff * shared accounts and credentials, which prevent traceability and increase the risk of pass- word leakage * deployment processes allowing for lower-privileged users to deploy code and enable untested, vulnerable code to be deployed recommendation non-production environments should not be considered secure and there should be minimal cross-over between a non-production environment and production data and systems. developers should not have access to sensitive customer information stored in the produc- tion environment, including user camera images (a1), user authentication tokens (a2), user credentials (a9), customer pii (a12), or the oauth signing key (a13). if data is needed in the staging environment databases for testing purposes, test organization recommends examplecorp develop fake or masked test data for developers to use. this data should contain no customer identifiable information, or reveal any sensitive user data. 15 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding use of shared administrator credentials risk medium impact: high, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-002 category authentication component administration api impact the use of shared credentials removes the ability for examplecorp to track user activity once they are logged into the system. if a malicious insider misuses their access on the system, it will be difficult (or impossible) to determine who was responsible for the malicious act. description during interviews, test organization was informed that examplecorp employees share the same username and password to login to the secure camera administration web application. fur- thermore, test organization was informed that these shared credentials have never been changed. recommendation set a strong, complex and unique password for each user who has access to the administrative component. if possible, use public key authentication, with keys protected by a passphrase for authentication into the components. ensure that the host is configured to log both successful and failed login attempts, as well as record activity performed on the hosts after a successful login. 16 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding firmware or bootloader downgrades not prevented risk medium impact: medium, exploitability: high identifier testorg-examplecorp001-004 category patching component camera impact an attacker can revert to older images in order to exploit vulnerabilities that had since been fixed. because of the lack of secure boot, it is not possible to implement effective downgrade prevention for this device at the hardware level. description the bootloader does not implement a means to prevent software downgrades. it is common for attackers to downgrade the firmware or software to a version that is known to contain exploitable vulnerabilities. in fact, the release of a security patch can trigger attackers to take notice and develop an exploit for older versions. recommendation implement an effective downgrade prevention mechanism at each stage of the boot process. this could be in the form of a blacklist of "bad" software versions. the blacklist must be signed to prevent tampering and must itself be protected from downgrades. many processors contain general-purpose fuses that can be used to implement such protection. 17 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding ineffective firmware integrity validation risk medium impact: medium, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-005 category data validation component camera impact a malicious user can install modified device firmware images on the camera, which could be used to bypass business logic or gain unauthorized access to sensitive information. description during interviews, test organization was informed that the firmware download package includes a sha256 hash of the firmware image, which is used by the camera to ensure the firmware image has not been tampered with by a malicious user. this is not a sufficient security control, as a malicious user who has the ability to modify the firmware image can simply recompute the sha256 hash of the modified image, and replace the hash included in the firmware package. recommendation the firmware package should be protected using a digital signature as apposed to a simple hash. the firmware package should be signed using a private key maintained by exam- plecorp, and the signature validated on the camera prior to firmware installation. 18 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding unencrypted communication channel (camera web services) risk medium impact: medium, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-007 category data exposure component camera impact attackers on the user's local network can intercept and modify traffic, capturing user creden- tials, tokens, and data or modifying traffic flowing between the mobile and web applications and the camera. description the mobile and web applications communicate with the camera using unencrypted http. an attacker with access to the user's local network could easily intercept and monitor or modify the application's communication. the unencrypted data includes the following types of data, which could be captured or mod- ified by an attacker: * credentials, including plaintext wifi passwords and authentication tokens * personally identifiable information (pii) * video footage and audio recordings recommendation where possible, unencrypted protocols should be replaced with encrypted alternatives. http connections should be replaced with https using tls 1.2. in a local-network scenario, it is generally more difficult to deploy and manage tls certificates to enable tls communication. test organization recommends generating and deploying a device-specific tls certificate to each camera during the manufacturing or registration process. assuming the serial number of the camera is "sn12345", then examplecorp's backend could request a tls certificate from a globally-trusted ca for "sn12345.examplecorpwificameras.com". alternatively, a self-signed certificate could be generated at registration time and pinned in the mobile application. however, this would not protect any communications occurring from the web application. in addition to simply configuring https, the following changes are also needed to enable secure communications: 1. ensure that unencrypted requests are redirected to https. 2. set the "secure" attribute on all sensitive cookies. this will prevent the cookies from leaking over unencrypted channels. 19 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding horizontal authorization bypass in storage api risk medium impact: high, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-008 category access controls component camera repository location auth controller impact employees or contractors of advertising partners are able to modify session identifiers to gain access to end user image files in cloud storage. description authorization controls refer to an application's functionality for verifying user roles and per- missions. authorization controls ensure safe access to the application, the data within, the ability to change the system, and more. every functional piece of the application should have a set of authorization controls that encompasses the use cases surrounding it and prevents unauthorized users from accessing the protected functionality. the application has insufficient authorization controls for access to the storage api. according to interviews with the development team, it was explained that end user and advertising partner authentication uses the same session identifier mechanism, with a specially-modified session token used to differentiate end users from advertising partner sessions. as a result, in certain scenarios, advertising partner employees (threat agent 4, or ta4) may be able to compute valid end user session identifiers to gain access to the storage api as an authorized end user (ta1). although advertising partners were considered out of scope for this engagement, test organization documented this finding for further verification due to the potential risks to end user data. recommendation all application functionality should have authorization controls in place and validate those controls prior to performing an action, including both data retrieval and data modification. specifically, examplecorp should implement an authorization mechanism that ties user roles to session identifiers in a way that cannot be modified by end users to bypass role-based authorization checks. 20 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding application uses weak hash to store passwords risk medium impact: medium, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-010 category cryptography component user management impact an attacker who is able to compromise the application's storage, such as through a database flaw or information disclosure, can more easily recover user passwords. description the application stores user passwords using unsalted sha256. this hash can be performed very quickly, thus hashed passwords are vulnerable to brute- force cracking. an attacker with access to the hashed passwords is likely to be able to recover significant numbers of plaintext passwords using a tool such ashashcat. passwords are hashed without being salted. a salt is a random per-password value which slows down cracking attempts by requiring attackers to perform a new brute-force attack on each password. for example, with a salt, two users with the password "123456" would have different password hashes. without a salt, an attacker can perform their brute-force attack on all of the application's passwords at once without any additional work, or make use of a rainbow table. recommendation test organization recommends usingbcrypt, a widely-supported hash that handles salting automat- ically. this hashing algorithm is designed to resist brute-forcing attempts. the only aspect of bcrypt that requires manual configuration is the "cost factor", a value which determines how many iterations to perform1 (thus determining the amount of processing time necessary to hash a single password). test organization recommends that most application use a cost factor of 12. on modern processors, this cost factor results in hashing taking approximately half a second for each password.2 to upgrade to a modern password hash, there are a number of possible strategies: * discard all existing hashes and force users to set new passwords. this strategy may work well for applications with a small number of users who can be reached directly, such as internal company applications. * upgrade users at their next login by comparing the existing hash, saving the new hash, and finally discarding the existing hash. this strategy is effective for active users, but can have issues with users who do not log in for long periods of time: their old, weak password hash will remain in the database until they log in. * immediately upgrading all hashes by using the new hashing algorithm on the existing hashed passwords. when users log in, first hash their password with the legacy algorithm, then hash again with the modern algorithm. this strategy is safe in most cases (even for weak algorithms like md5), but requires the application to maintain the backwords-compatibility logic indefinitely. 1see https://security.stackexchange.com/a/3993 for a more in-depth explanation of work factors for password hashing. 2see https://security.stackexchange.com/a/83382 for a benchmark of bcrypt on a recent intel processor. 21 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding insecure random number generation risk medium impact: medium, exploitability: medium identifier testorg-examplecorp001-013 category cryptography component device ownership manager impact a malicious user who is able to predict device ids of other cameras can take advantage of finding testorg-examplecorp001-003 on page 12to view the images taken by the camera identified by the device id. description the secure camera system makes use of an insecure random number generator (rng) for the camera device id generation. when used in a context that requires the numbers to be truly unpredictable, usage of an insecure random number generator can completely defeat the security of the system. using an insecure generator, or seeding a secure generator with a predictable value, can allow an attacker to predict the generator's output. the following random number generators are known to be insecure, and should not be used: * java random * php rand, mt_rand * javascript math.random * libc random() * any other random number generator that does not advertise cryptographic randomness recommendation any functionality that relies on a random number generator to generate unpredictable values should use a cryptographically-secure random number generator (csprng). it is strongly encouraged to use a secure rng unless the application's functionality depends on the output being predictable. any usage of an insecure rng should be replaced by a csprng. test organization recommends using: * unix getrandom() (falling back to/dev/urandom if not available) * windows cryptgenrandom * java securerandom (do not manually seed securerandom) * php random_bytes * javascript window.crypto.getrandomvalues * other: randombytes_buf from libsodium 22 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding revenue generating advertisement delivery can be bypassed risk low impact: medium, exploitability: low identifier testorg-examplecorp001-006 category other component mobile application impact users who are able to disable the targeted advertisements will impact the secure camera business model, which relies on advertisement delivery for revenue generation. description during design documentation review, test organization determined the mobile application peri- odically fetches advertisements from the advertising partner, which is the primary source of revenue for the secure camera platform. it appears possible for a malicious user to disable advertisements by blocking client communication to the advertisement partner, or using a modified version of the client application. this would undermine examplecorp's business model and could ultimately mean the service does not achieve profitability. however, the overall risk of the issue is low because it is very unlikely that the issue would be exploited at scale due to the technical expertise required for users to set up network blocking of the advertising hosts. recommendation client-side controls are difficult to enforce as they are running in an untrusted environment, such as a user's mobile device. consider modifying the current architecture to deliver the targeted advertisements through the secure camera api responses, which then must be called to meet the functional requirement of the mobile application. 23 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample finding weak password complexity requirements risk low impact: medium, exploitability: low identifier testorg-examplecorp001-009 category authentication component user management impact an attacker may guess insecure user passwords or brute-force weak user passwords in the event of a password database breach. description the secure camera platform does not enforce any restrictions on user or administrator pass- words. the only current password requirement is a length requirement of 4 characters. as a result, it is possible for users to set their passwords to simple values such as "1234" or "abcd". if a user does use a weak password, an attacker could guess their password and gain access to their account. alternatively, in the event of a password database breach, an attacker is more likely to recover a weak password from a brute-force attack. recommendation when creating or changing user passwords, the application should perform checks for pass- word complexity and reuse of previous credentials. complexity checks may be performed client side in order to provide immediate user feedback, but must be enforced by the backend service, since client-side controls should not be considered an effective security control. test organization recommends setting a minimum password length of 12 or more characters. do not require users to regularly update passwords, as this results in weaker passwords overall (seenist's new password rules-what you need to knowfrom sophos). finally, strongly consider providing users with the option to use multi-factor authentication for all applications. 24 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample appendix a: finding field definitions the following sections describe the risk rating and category assigned to issues test organization identified. risk scale test organization uses a composite risk score that takes into account the severity of the risk, application's exposure and user population, technical difficulty of exploitation, and other factors. the risk rating is test organization's recommended prioritization for addressing findings. every organization has a different risk sensitivity, so to some extent these recommendations are more relative than absolute guidelines. overall risk overall risk reflects test organization's estimation of the risk that a finding poses to the target system or systems. it takes into account the impact of the finding, the difficulty of exploitation, and any other relevant factors. critical implies an immediate, easily accessible threat of total compromise. high implies an immediate threat of system compromise, or an easily accessible threat of large-scale breach. medium a difficult to exploit threat of large-scale breach, or easy compromise of a small portion of the application. low implies a relatively minor threat to the application. informational no immediate threat to the application. may provide suggestions for application improvement, functional issues with the application, or conditions that could later lead to an exploitable finding. impact impact reflects the effects that successful exploitation has upon the target system or systems. it takes into account potential losses of confidentiality, integrity and availability, as well as potential reputational losses. high attackers can read or modify all data in a system, execute arbitrary code on the system, or escalate their privileges to superuser level. medium attackers can read or modify some unauthorized data on a system, deny access to that system, or gain significant internal technical information. low attackers can gain small amounts of unauthorized information or slightly degrade system performance. may have a negative public perception of security. exploitability exploitability reflects the ease with which attackers may exploit a finding. it takes into account the level of access required, availability of exploitation information, requirements relating to social engineering, race conditions, brute forcing, etc, and other impediments to exploitation. high attackers can unilaterally exploit the finding without special permissions or significant roadblocks. medium attackers would need to leverage a third party, gain non-public information, exploit a race condition, already have privileged access, or otherwise overcome moderate hurdles in order to exploit the finding. low exploitation requires implausible social engineering, a difficult race condition, guessing difficult-to- guess data, or is otherwise unlikely. 25 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample category test organization categorizes findings based on the security area to which those findings belong. this can help organizations identify gaps in secure development, deployment, patching, etc. access controls related to authorization of users, and assessment of rights. auditing and logging related to auditing of actions, or logging of problems. authentication related to the identification of users. configuration related to security configurations of servers, devices, or software. cryptography related to mathematical protections for data. data exposure related to unintended exposure of sensitive information. data validation related to improper reliance on the structure or values of data. denial of service related to causing system failure. error reporting related to the reporting of error conditions in a secure fashion. patching related to keeping software up to date. session management related to the identification of authenticated users. timing related to race conditions, locking, or order of operations. 26 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample appendix b: interview notes test organization has included in this report notes recorded from interviews held with examplecorp subject matter experts. [note: this is an optional component of reports. this information is typically only recorded in test organization working papers to support analysis, not provided as a formal deliverable. we've included it here because customers sometimes explicitly request interview notes for evidentiary purposes, and also to illustrate test organization's interview process and outcomes.] example interview 1 * date: august 1, 2019 * time: 9:00 am * location: examplecorp conference room 1 * participants: secure camera repository developer q: what is your role? a: i'm the lead developer for the camera repository functionality in secure camera cloud. q: how long have you been in this role? a: 3 years. i did a little work on the mobile application prior to that. q. what is the purpose of the camera repository? a. the camera repository stores all camera images for all clients. q. how does it store the data? a. the images are kept in a database. when the camera takes an image it uploads it to the storage api which then sends it to the image manager. we then store the raw image in the database. q. are the images encrypted? a. no, we just store the images in plaintext to the database. q. how do you keep track of which user / device stored the image? a. there is a device id sent with each upload request. we pass the device id over to the user management team and they give us a unique image id that we keep with the image data in our database. q. what happens when the user wants to view their images from the cloud? a. we get a view image request from the user through the storage api, which contains the device id. we then pass that to the user management components, which returns the list of image names associated with the device id. and we then fetch the images from the database and return them to the device. q. when you make changes to the camera repository components, how do you test the changes? a. we have a staging environment where we clone the production environment each month for our testing purposes. q. so, you use real user images for testing purposes? a. yes, sometimes, especially when we need a lot of images to fully test this system for performance reasons. and the images usually do not contain anything sensitive in them. besides, i can view the user images anyway by just logging into the administrator portal. q. how many people have access to the administrator portal? a. i am not sure, we all use the same username and password to login to it. q. what exactly does the administrator portal give you access to? 27 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample a. we can run queries on all of the databases and view the log files that are stored in the cloud. q. and you see the results in cleartext? a. yes, but we can't see user passwords. those are encrypted. q. how are they encrypted? a. i'm not sure, but i think they are sha256 encrypted or something. you'll have to talk with the user management team. q. when the camera sends you a device id in the view image request, how do you know if the device id they sent you is actually owned by the user who is logged in? a. yeah, so that's why we made the camera send us the device id. because it is a lot harder for someone to change the device id if it is coming from the camera. q. so, you do not attempt to map the device id to the user's session id? a. i am not sure - i don't do that, but maybe the user management team does. example interview 2 * date: august 1, 2019 * time: 11:00 am * location: examplecorp conference room 4 * participants: secure camera user management developer q: what is your role? a: i'm a developer for the user management components. q: how long have you been in this role? a: 6 months. q: what is the purpose of the user management components? a: we do authentication and authorization relation functions. such as login and logout. q: tell me a little about how that works on this system. a: [example response] q: [next example question] a: [etc.] 28 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample appendix c: client provided documentation the following design documentation was provided to test organization by examplecorp using test organization's encrypted secure file exchange (sfe) service. * web administration use case diagrams:webadm_usecase.docx * wi-fi camera hardware specifications:camerainternals.pdf * example log file:20190801_devicelogs.txt * cloud service api list:camera_apis.pdf * disaster recovery diagrams:backup architecture.pdf * api route information:rest_api_schema.xml * user role information:users_and_groups.csv * patch management specification:patching_process.xls * [etc.] 29 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidentialsample appendix d: project contacts the team from test organization has the following primary members: * dade murphy - technical lead [firstname.lastname]@testorg.com * kate libby - consultant [firstname.lastname]@testorg.com * lauren murphy - account manager [firstname.lastname]@testorg.com the team from examplecorp has the following primary member: * eugene belford - security architect, examplecorp [firstname.lastname]@[examplecorp].com 30 | sample architecture review - (C) test organization 2020 test organization confidential